Remove redundant `with_expiration` parameter from `fetch_invite` methods (#2224)
hikari-py/hikari: changes/2224.breaking.md

> Removed the redundant `with_expiration` parameter from the REST client's `fetch_invite` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove `with_expiration` parameter from REST client's `fetch_invite` method.
  - The parameter has been a noop for a while as Discord removed it
```
